1. Sir, as I am fresher, I have theoretical knowledge but I can do hard work for my organization. 
   And I will put all my efforts for the good progress of the organization. 
   Being punctual and sincere, I can finish the work given to me on time and try my best to fulfill all the needs of the company from me.
   
2. As you know I am a fresher and I do not have much practical experience but from my experience of internship and my theoretical knowledge,
   I can say that I am a hardworking, dedicated and punctual person.
   I am a quick learner and I know I will do my best when it comes to my career and my company. 
   And working in an organization like yours can really help me a lot in enhancing my knowledge and growing in my career.
   
3. Sir, as you know that, I am a fresher and I don't have any work experience but 
   the reason why you should hire me is that I have that hunger to learn and I am a quick learner.
   It's a great opportunity for me to work with professionals to absorb industry knowledge and improve my technical abilities and 
   also it's a great opportunity for me to showcase my skills and put all theoretical knowledge into practice.
   Sir being fresher I am very passionate to learn and work in any environment. And I am ready to take on any challenges when the opportunity arises.
   
4. Your organization will surely prove to be an excellent platform for me to establish my skills and knowledge in the corporate world.
   Even though I am a fresher, I assure you that, I will give my best and work to my full potential so that I can contribute as much as I can
   towards the growth and welfare of the company.
 
5. As I am a fresher, I don't have work experience or practical knowledge but I have theoretical knowledge in my field.
   Also, I have all the skills which your company looking for in this position. I really need a company like yours where I can explore my knowledge. 
   If I got selected it will be a great opportunity for me to work in this company.
   I definitely ward hard in all the ways to achieve the goals and objectives of the company and this will really help me to enhance my skills and knowledge.
